Vagrant Cloud docs update (#13265)
hashicorp/vagrant: website/content/vagrant-cloud/boxes/architecture.mdx

---
layout: vagrant-cloud
page_title: Vagrant Box Architecture
description: "Vagrant box architecture and default architecture."
---

# Architecture for Vagrant boxes

Providers for Vagrant boxes, in Vagrant version 2.4.0 and newer, can include 
multiple architecture options. This allows you to have multiple instances 
of one specific provider. The specific provider shares a common name for
artifacts of different architectures.

> Using the `hashicorp/precise32` and `hashicorp/precise64` boxes as an example,

Reviewer: It might be good to have a section title that indicates this is configuration the user writes. 

```suggestion
For example, the `hashicorp/precise32` and `hashicorp/precise64` boxes each
include a provider for `virtualbox`.
```

> each of these boxes include a provider for `virtualbox`. This looks like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
